♪
[gasps]
[RUDEUS]
School life is monotonous.
[sighs]
Every morning, I get out of bed
and run my daily training
regimen out on the grounds.
[gasps]
♪
Once I get back to my room,
I do some magic drills.
Zanoba keeps begging me
to teach him
how to make figures,
but I've gotten pretty rusty
in these last few years.
I need to practice
some more first.
I eat breakfast
and lunch with Zanoba.
The University offers cuisine
from all over,
and a lot of it suits my palate
to a T.
It still falls short
of the Japanese cooking
I remember,
but there are more than enough
similar dishes
to keep me satisfied.
Uh!
Elinalise gets plenty
of one-on-one time
with her fellow students,
and goes out on the town
at night for extracurriculars.
You gotta give it to her,
her stamina is impressive.
[JENIUS] Barrier magic
is used throughout the world...
[RUDEUS]
In the afternoons,
I take Beginner-level classes
in healing, divine,
and barrier magic.
Roxy taught me
a little about barriers
when she was my tutor,
but at the time, I was satisfied
just to know they existed,
and more or less
tuned out the rest.
So, starting over from the
beginning ought to be helpful.
After class,
I head back to the library
and research teleportation
until it gets dark.
I've gone through
a lot of books,
but teleportation
is considered a "forbidden art,”
so it's rarely written
about in detail,
and never instructionally.
In fact, Exploring
the Teleporter Labyrinth,
the book that Master Fitz
told me about,
might be the best source
on the subject.
[fire crackling]
I've worked out a daily routine,
and I've finally begun
to settle in.
But my "Unfettered Shogun
of the Night”
still refuses to be manly.
One might say
he is extremely fettered.
[sighs]
[SYLPHIETTE]
Rudeus.
Uh. Um!
Do you mind if I join you?
[RUDEUS]
Not at all!
Here, I even saved
this seat for you.
Please, sit!
It's wonderful to see you again.
[chuckles]
Thank you very much.
[RUDEUS] I feel like
this guy really gets me.
How is your research going?
It's a little hard to tell.
Uh! Is that a book
on teleportation?
Indeed. I had been looking
into the disaster, myself.
Someone
I know went missing, too.
Huh! I'm sorry, that's awful,
I don't know what else to say.
It's all right,
as a matter of fact,
I've recently confirmed
that he's alive.
[RUDEUS]
Oh, really? That's great.
[SYLPHIETTE]
Yes. I never got the chance
to search for him personally,
so it was quite a relief.
That being said.
I, uh. If you don't mind.
And this is just a suggestion.
[RUDEUS]
What is it?
[SYLPHIETTE]
I would like you to let me help
with your research
into the Displacement Incident.
[gasps]
I'm often busy, though.
So I could only pop
in occasionally,
but if that doesn't bother you.
That's fine, of course.
I'd be delighted.
It's a pleasure
to have you on board.
Ah! Hm!
No. Pleasure's mine.
Hmm!
[gasps]
[SYLPHIETTE]
Well, let's get started.
I thought this book
could help us identify trends
in where people ended up
after their teleportation.
-Look at this example...
-[RUDEUS] My heart fluttered.
...of a smaller group event.
It seems like...
Am I seriously feeling
this way about a guy?
♪
[RUDEUS] I think Master Fitz
and I have gotten closer.
But there's still a lot
I don't know about him.
Hmm!
I've been meaning to ask,
do you wear those sunglasses
all the time?
"Sunglasses”.
Oh, right. You mean these?
Um! Yes, but I can't tell
you why, sadly. Apologies.
[RUDEUS]
It's okay.
I have another one though,
what floor of the dorms
do you live on?
Oh, well.
That's a little odd, too.
I actually sleep in the girls'
dorm,
since I guard Princess Ariel.
And that doesn't like,
cause problems or anything?
No, it's fine.
I have permission.
And besides, I would never
cause problems for Her Highness.
Uh!
[RUDEUS] The dorms
are segregated by gender,
but servants and slaves of
the opposite sex are allowed in,
with permission.
As a student, Fitz doesn't fall
into either category,
but it's not surprising
that the school would
make an exception
for Princess Ariel's guard.
[RUDEUS] So, I've noticed that
you talk to me pretty normally.
Oh? What do you mean?
You seem to be
known as a man of few words.
[SYLPHIETTE]
Ah, yes.
In truth, I'm awfully shy.
[RUDEUS] I feel like he starts
way too many conversations
with me for that to be the case.
Oh, I also meant to ask,
have you been casting
without incantations
since you were a child?
[laughs]
You're full of questions today,
aren't you?
Yes.
A long time ago,
my master rescued me
with voiceless magic,
which is why I asked
to start learning from him.
He's an amazing person.
And I still look up to him
to this day.
I had a Master like that.
I'd love it if I got to meet
yours one day.
[chuckles] Yes, well. It would
be hard to introduce you.
Yeah? Why do you say that?
[chuckles]
Hmm!
[wind howling]
[gasps]
[RUDEUS] His smile definitely
makes my heart
skip a beat or two.
I was sure
I didn't swing that way.
[SYLPHIETTE] Well, I have
business with Princess Ariel.
[RUDEUS]
Understood.
I can't wait to work
with you again.
[RUDEUS]
Silent Fitz, man of mystery.
I don't know why he's
so willing to help me,
but I'm not fussed about
unraveling that right now.
Following the Man-God's advice
brought us together,
so maybe sticking with him will
eventually lead me to my cure.
No reason to worry.
[ZANOBA]
Master!
Please teach me
how to sculpt figurines!
[RUDEUS]
Mm-mmm.
Then there's this guy.
A figurine pervert
who would be banned
from your local comic shop.
♪
[ZANOBA]
Oh, just look at you!
You put the natural world
to shame!
-I am prepared to give...
-This man loves figures.
[RUDEUS]
Loves them.
But hey, I can see
where he's coming from.
I might have "enjoyed” a figure
or two myself in my past life.
You gave me your word,
did you not, Master?
Why must you refuse yet
again to begin my instruction?
[RUDEUS] I did promise him,
and I have been brushing up.
I just haven't wanted
to make the time.
This isn't
what I came here to do.
♪
[RUDEUS]
Zanoba.
Understand my
tutelage will be strict!
[gasps]
Yes, Master. I'm ready.
Very well!
You've proven your resolve.
I shall now impart
the secrets of my art.
[ZANOBA]
Thank you, sir!
And thus, our great
figurine enterprise began!
♪
[groans]
Hmm!
Aah!
I'm sorry.
[ZANOBA] Don't blame yourself.
If only I were more skilled.
-[ZANOBA crying ]
-Well, hey. There's another way.
Yes, teach me
this other way, Master!
Okay. For this, we'll try to use
as little magic as possible.
[crackling]
Oh, what are
we going to do with that?
We'll carve it up.
[RUDEUS]
Chiseling, carving.
It's not any easier
than using magic,
but it's primitive,
tried and true.
People with no mana at all
have been doing it forever.
Spectacular!
Master! I believe
that even I can learn this art!
[ZANOBA crying]
[RUDEUS] Zanoba just
isn't very good with his hands.
His supernatural strength
makes delicate,
detail-oriented work
something of a challenge.
[ZANOBA crying]
It's too hard. I can't do it.
I'll never be able to sculpt
like you do, Master!
[RUDEUS] So, yeah. That's what
I was up to all of yesterday.
[SYLPHIETTE] But you can already
make figurines with magic?
[RUDEUS]
Yeah.
-[crackling]
-See?
Uh! Are you kidding me?
That's amazing.
[crackling]
Nope, I can't do it.
That's not something
your average caster can imitate.
I suppose it isn't.
And it's difficult to teach.
We also tried carving blocks
of clay, but you can imagine.
Yeah, he'd be too
clumsy for that. Right.
Um! I don't know if it'll help,
but I heard something around
the Asuran capital,
that sounded like it might be
a similar type of case.
A similar case
to Zanoba, you mean?
[SYLPHIETTE] Yes. They wanted
some personally crafted item,
but lacked the talent and skill
to do it themselves.
Okay, how did
that person get around it?
Well, um, if I recall,
they just got a slave to do it.
Oh. Never would've
crossed my mind.
I'll see how Zanoba
feels about that,
then maybe go to the market
during our break next month.
Great. Whatever you decide,
I hope it works out.
[RUDEUS]
Is something wrong?
[SYLPHIETTE]
No, I just.
I have some time off, too.
Next break.
Oh, good, you earned it.
Hmm!
Uh!
[gasps]
Uh. Well, in that case,
would you care to join us?
That okay?
I wouldn't be intruding?
No, of course you wouldn't.
And I'll be happy to treat
you to a meal!
In exchange for all your advice.
All right. I think I'll
take you up on that.
[chuckles]
[SYLPHIETTE]
I'm Fitz. It's a pleasure.
I am the third prince
of the Shirone Kingdom!
My name is Zan...
Zanoba.
Master Fitz is the one
who proposed
this solution for your benefit.
Show him proper respect.
Understood, sir! I'm sorry.
It is a pleasure to make
your acquaintance.
Zanoba Shirone, third prince
of the Shirone Kingdom
at your service.
Do forgive my indiscretion.
That's quite all right! Really.
Please. I take no offense,
Your Highness.
Don't mind me.
I guess we ought to
start moving, then, huh?
Are you ready?
♪
Hmm! I see many
fine displays. Master?
Where shall we begin?
No idea. I've never done
this before.
Maybe just start
by looking around.
Oh, wow. So many
of them are actually naked.
And so big. I didn't
know they got like that.
[RUDEUS]
Ah, spoken like a true virgin.
Yes, yes, I was one of you once!
And now? Now I've got
other things to worry about.
Are, are you used to seeing
people like this, Rudeus?
[RUDEUS] Oh, I'm sure you'll get
more comfortable with it
once you gain some experience.
Sure, if you say so.
But, wait. Does that mean
you have experience, then?
Hmm!
Master, these warriors
are of no use.
We need to be looking
for someone
who's both magically gifted
and naturally adept
with their hands.
Okay, so who's known
for their dexterity?
Maybe dwarves, I guess?
And, well, if you intend
to tutor them in magic,
I think you should pick a child
who doesn't know any yet.
[RUDEUS]
At all?
Not if you can help it, no.
It can make voiceless
magic easier.
Oh! Can it, really?
And if you start learning
to cast
by the time you're
about five years old,
it will do wonders
for your mana capacity.
What makes you say that?
Most people seem to believe that
mana capacity is set at birth.
That's what the textbooks say,
but anecdotally,
my master's case and mine
prove them wrong. It can expand.
[RUDEUS]
I knew it. I always suspected,
but if I started
casting around two or three,
that would explain
my mana pool for sure.
Well, if we know
who we're looking for,
we should try to
find a merchant.
[CLERK] Hmm! Yeah, we don't see
dwarves of any age
around here very often.
That might be a little hard
to find for ya.
If it helps,
they don't have to be a dwarf,
they just need to be
naturally dexterous.
But we're also teaching magic.
So it's more important to find
someone young enough
to pick it up.
[CLERK]
Oh! Hey. We do have one.
See that?
Six-year-old dwarf girl.
Looks like the whole family
went into slavery
to cover her parents' debts.
She's the only one left.
She's in pretty poor condition.
Malnourished, though feeding
her regularly, I'll fix that.
She only speaks Beast-God.
And she can't read or write,
but what six-year-old can?
Works for us.
Would you let us meet her?
[creaks]
[footsteps]
Here she is.
[rattles]
All right, come on. Hmm!
[yelps]
[coughs]
[pants]
[gasps]
If you want my professional
opinion, I can't recommend her.
[SYLPHIETTE]
Rudeus.
[SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
Umm!
Master? What's the problem?
[RUDEUS] Just look at her,
she's in despair.
It's like she's lost all hope,
or that she longs for death.
Uh! Then, you've seen such
people before, I take it? My.
I used to. All the time.
-Hm!
♪
[RUDEUS]
That's how I used to look.
Empty, helpless.
I knew it would never
get better,
and I just wanted to give up.
♪
[SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
[sobs]
[RUDEUS] I can only do
so much to save this girl.
I mean. Sure, we could buy her
and take care of her
and give her a job.
But what kind of salvation
is that?
It's probably not
what she wants.
No one is going to save her
by forcing her to do
something against her will.
And if that's
all I can offer her.
I could at least ask
if she wouldn't rather just.
[SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
[whimpers]
[sighs]
[gasps]
[SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
[RUDEUS]
All right, then, it's settled.
That's enough. It doesn't
have to be "I want to live."
"I don't want to die"
is just fine for now.
[gulps]
[SYLPHIETTE]
Oh, Rudeus, what's her name?
I don't know how to ask.
[SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
"Bazar of the Holy Steel
and...," what?
[SYLPHIETTE]
Oh, of course.
Dwarves don't get proper names
until they turn seven, I think.
We are gonna have to call her
something, though.
Yeah, so why don't we pick out
a name right now?
Something cute.
She deserves something cute.
Zanoba, you got any suggestions?
Hmm! Yes. Julius.
Julius? Isn't
that traditionally a man's name?
Yes. That was the name
of my sweet baby brother,
who tragically died by my hand
because I didn't quite realize
my own strength.
Well, she is a girl,
so, maybe we should
at least make it Juliette.
Very well! I have no objections.
[chuckles] A lovely name.
[SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
Shuliette?
Juliette.
Julie.
♪
[RUDEUS] We decided that
Julie would live with Zanoba
and help him do, whatever he
does, that he needs help with.
But during the day,
I would teach her languages
and incantation less magic.
And just like that,
we had a brand new routine.
We'd all be making figures
together in no time.
♪